Know like I said for this section we're going to be actually using a carousel.
Right.
So where do we get this.
And that's basically a Jake Weary plug in or here for this get.
So we're going to go to Google and then we'll just write our curso once we can go on down there.
Right.
So this is going to be they are curso and right away with them just click download.
All right.
Because then we're going to get our zip folder right in order here when we want to do is let's say that
not only we won them all.
We're going to go to Dock's right here.
Everything is very great.
Explain.
Right.
Or here we're going to start with instillation.
All right.
And this is what they're asking.
So we're asking our carrousel and men.
Yes that's this theme here Mencius says.
And the thing is you don't need to include the theme however it makes sense to include the theme the
faulty assess.
All right.
This one.
And it also makes sense to actually include over here when we write our curso actually include to our
theme right.
Remember if we had it over we're here in RHC and now I am over here.
If we were going to scroll back here after all these numbers right.
Remember it is our theme and this is what they want.
All right.
Because what they want is a day.
Then all the contents over here.
Right.
And this is going to be the or so and here this is how we would call the plug.
We're actually going to look at the demos how to do that.
Right.
But the basic idea is that you would need a whole carousel men Janice and you would need these two CSSA
right.
So let's go ahead and let's actually do that.
Right.
So if I'm going to go to my downloads or like this and once all see or hear this is going to be the
owl.
Right.
And we're going to get this Arcaro So we're going to open up this fall there.
And now let's look at distribution first here and now we have all curves on men James.
All right so I can just grab this file over here.
Then we're going to go back here and look at sense.
And so here we have all seen the fault see ISIS on here knowing this.
And we also have our Kairo so yes.
Yes.
Right.
So I'm going to grab these two here and all carrousel see SS or we can just grab them in here since
it's really up to you.
Right.
And I was just double check right so now Carson some miniature sets and all theme.
The fourth Mincy says.
Now they're asking for men but because I want to do here little bit of upgrade here right I want to
affect them right.
That's why I'm choosing the regular one.
Not many fine version.
Right.
So here what I'm going to do is I can just close this one right and I'm going to say new folder and
I'm going to say oh oh.
Right.
And what I'm going to do or here I'm going to drag these three files or here.
All right.
All of them in there.
So I'm going to place them in this folder on this I'm just going to grab this folder and actually place
it on here also.
All right so do the same thing here.
Now I can see my Codemasters I have my owl or here a folder.
Right.
So if we're going to go back to the text center now we should have the folder.
Now we can start over here by when we have Mangi access right manger.
Yes.
Before that we're going to say all.
And where it is located we're going to say script like this.
We're going to press time and then we're going to have a source or so here once we have the source to
say how and when to look for all Menger Yes.
All right.
So now we have our javascript then what you would want is our C Ss right.
So we're going to go all the way on the top right or here we're going to say this is going to be all
all of us.
All right.
And what's going to happen is that we're going to have a link.
And we're going to say now then we're going to use a theme like this and then we're also going to have
another one just for CSX.
And so again now and this is going to be a Kairo so men reassess.
All right.
So we say this one or here right.
Don't worry about whatever is happening right now.
Right.
We just haven't had any kind of cold to control this.
And now let's go ahead and let's actually see how we can work with that.
Right.
So we're going to go back when we're done with installation right here they're saying how to set up
the on here IMHO.
All right.
And this is where they actually basically saying right that even though you don't need to include it
right.
The thing is if you do not included You're not going to have all these little icons.
Right.
So these ones are not going to be there.
If you do not include the whole thing.
So make sure if you one that you need to include the whole thing.
And like I said we're going to actually go to them all right away.
Right.
Because what I want to do is quickly show you how it works right.
So here would be all the options that we would want.
Right right right basic demos right.
And we're going to go with a basic one right and then right away shows you what we have.
Right.
So this will be our basic Carrousel.
So what we would need actually or here we would need over here.
We're going to use a selector right and you can see that it is a Jake where we plug in so it uses J.A.G.
So it's the same dollar sign on here and we would just ask ourselves how we would do it.
Right.
So what I'm going to say here is I'm just going to copy and paste this on here and I'm going to go to
my script file and I'm going to go script over here.
And if this was the smooth scroll right on the smooth curl I'm going to say oh I'm not saying we're
going to say team right because this is going to be for team and all here.
What I would want is I'm going to use a different one right now not just Alcaraz so I'm going to go
back over here to the next and I'm going to make sure that I know what is the name or hear of my div.
Right.
So here remember this class theme center.
Just make sure that you have both of these.
All right I'll carrousel and Altham and then over here you see this class.
This is how we're going to be targeting.
So I'm going to say we're here and this is going to be all team Center.
All right.
So here I'm going to say I want to select team center out here.
Right.
So this refresh it.
Now I can see Sure enough in my hour or so.
Right.
This is how easy it is.
And like I said we're here this these are the options.
Right.
And where do you see the options.
Right so basically you're saying I going to select this have an all its children within an hour or so.
Right.
And then these are going to be properties and these are the values.
So I'm going to go back over here and go back to docs and are here now.
This is the API.
Right.
And these are the options right.
So we start like items type number right to a default 3 right margin right.
And we're just go one by one.
Now I'm not going to be covering them all right especially all of them right.
But you can see where you can get the properties down where you have values and obviously some of them
right away have default.
Right now the only one we're going to look at here is going to be the smart speed.
Right.
This is pretty much how long it takes for our curve so right the slide to actually move across the screen.
See or hear the smart speed.
So we're going to go back over here and we're going right over here marked speed and here let's say
like four thousand nine again four seconds basically let's say if this does this we're going to refresh
and see what happens right.
So it takes four seconds to move across the screen and I can see her right away.
And this is a responsive 4 0.
Right.
This is going to be one element then 600 pixels right this is three then this is five.
Obviously you can change these values right and you'll see or hear on the next one.
All right.
We're actually going to change it to say three right.
So here you can see where we're going to be only using three.
Even though the screen size is the same right.
Let's just go here and refresh Now let's see what we have right.
Sure enough we have five of them right here like this.
Now let's go ahead and let's actually work on what would be the values on here like this right.
Because you are hearing this looks differently.
Right.
So we have different colors over here.
So what we're going to do here this is we do that in our theme.
All right so script stays the same the way it is going to go.
Now we're going to roll out the in the fold.
Right.
And you can see all all theme old Nav..
And then you start working on them right.
So now I can see that this is going to be the background this is going to be the let's say color right
hand.
Here now where are working with the dots right.
So here what we're going to say for the background.
And like I said 1 9 1 9 1 9 right then we're here for the color.
Let's say that we're going to say EF 5 and 3 or 5 really like this then we're here.
You can see that we're going to have some hovering effect.
All right.
So this one was the actual color.
Right.
And let's say also right so I have five three or five.
So this is the caller.
Now this is for hovering.
All right and for the hovering let's do a blue one.
All right so let's go back to main assess Let's find where is the blue color.
And we use that in the bottom so I can definitely get it over here right.
So you just copy and paste this on your copy.
And I'm going to go back to all three.
And we're going to just copy and paste this on here.
Now I am hovering.
This is going to look like this right here.
And now let's work with the dots right.
And what I'm going to say again by default our 1 dots to be actually blank right away as I'm hovering
they are going to be different.
So I'm going to say 1 9 1 9 1 9 0 black and then we're going to have a live one.
All right.
Copy and paste this in this.
Now I can see that as I'm going to be hovering right the actual dots are going to be changing like this
right.
So if you want any kind of customization you would need to work with all find fault or here like this.
Right.
So this is how that one works.
And then here again let's go over right and script what we needed is a select on here and esteemed center.
And the reason why we're using different names because we're going to have to our conversos right here
we're going to have a second one.
So if we're going to be selecting by the same one both of them are going to be affected.
All right.
So therefore pick something unique here like the esteemed center where you can create another div.
I'm sorry I did something wrong and then you seen selector then you adding on here and if you want different
kind of options.
All right.
You obviously can go back on here and remember over here.
We had a demos and you'll see right away what you want read.
Response Center.
Oh here we have a let's say for lazy lot or video got to merge right.
This is how we can have a different one.
And then right away give you these options right.
So the only thing you need to do here is follow the instructions right.
And you can set up the whole Kursaal.